I asked you to come over right away, did you hear me?
What does my sister have to say to the fourth brother?
Fourth brother can help you
I know that the fourth brother is the most powerful
Yes, tomorrow.
I'm going to the awards ceremony at a piano competition.
You come with me to the ceremony
I think this year's list of winners includes
How can it be cheap for that girl?
You mean Shiraki Shake?
Yes, but I heard that before going back to being blind
Raised by a janitor
Where did the money come from?
Then I don't know.
I have his distinction here, listen to it.
He's really upset at the beginning and the end.
And there's nothing left in the middle, and I wrote that part.
What? How dare he plagiarize?
Don't worry.
Fourth brother will definitely disqualify him from the award
It's too cheap for him.
Fourth brother dares to plagiarize at the national competition
I let him fail.
Hey, who is this guy?
Looks like a big start
It seems to be the second place this year.
The daughter of Bai Zhenhai, chairman of Bai's Group
Bai Muyao is quite beautiful
It's just that the face is a little swollen